Notes to myself

So I have a dragged Tile marked as userDropped == true and picked up in my animation loop.
I need to detail where to animate FROM and TO and how much to animate in a given time frame. Or decide how long it will take in time to animate to there.
The FROM is easy as it is just the current Tile loation - how is this set? DONE .left and .top
The TO is two values, the column closest and the height the Tile should align too. I think this should be either the current height or a percentage below it.

How to calculate the best position?
The value is a point and refers directly to the .left and .top of the tile
I have my TilePositions array with these values.
Check which of the X values is closest.
lowest value of Math.max(pos[i], x) - Math.min(pos[i], x)
this has to be expanded to the tile width

The amount is a bit more complicated. I can record the initial time the animation started and then get the exact timestamp each time a frame is called.
Math will then create a 0.0-1.0 value that is the distance over speed.
Set the flag userDropped = false

Set z-order to allow last dropped title to be above other tiles
initially all tiles are numbered in order of creation
1234
if I drag tile 3 then tile 4 should become z-index 3 and the dragged tile should become z-index 4
if I then drag tile 1 it should become z-index 4 and all the rest are lowered by 1
Where can I do this z-index reordering?
do it the moment a animation is requested.
and set a super z-index when dragging starts

Once the tile has been animated to its correct location, that may have bumpped 1 or more other Tiles. 
animation completes and then bump or animation gets into Tile position(or percentage of) and then bumps?
tile animations should be quite quick so lets just wait until animation complete and then tile bump.
and this can then create a wave affecting the next tile and next etc.
Need to know where the hole/s are and how far they are.
Should this be in the TilePositions array or can we just check which Tile is at which location?
Check Tiles position and determine if that is known TilePosition.

There is something going on in the second game that hole direction is not gettting calculated - Width is NaN
also the orderTiles for bumps is not working - rare edge case - not sure what is causing it
grab should cancel bump- fixed
Got rid of lots of dupe code that was added to ensure Tile Width was taken into account, but was totally unneeded.
There was a rounding issue. The size of the play area causing the distance between tiles to differ.
orderTiles is not creating consistent sequences, had fun adding a debug class showing the z-index in real time to understand

add styling when Tile grabbed
remove animation class if grabbed during the inital bob animation.

Word is correct - end of level animation
  Zoom(in/out) each tile in turn and then rotate on y and translate off the screen, single CSS class of animation applied in the same way as the bob-up but with a fixed delay
  
Make all the tile alignment animations distance aware - currently animation takes 2s for tile 1px away from its destination.
  work out percentage distance within total play area
  
Make the winning animation compensate for the height of the Tile, currently the first level works fine but subsequent levels the tiles get "stuck" at the top of the screen.
  considered dynamic stylesheets but this would require Content Security Policy
  work out the required difference in height and before animating set a negative margin and increase the top value so they appear in the same place. The animation will then work due to the real height.
  this will only work for screen ratios 800x600 
  create animation for up movement only
  
